we can use the clear right most set bit logic to
solve this problem
The idea is that inside the loop continuously clear the
right most set that one by one until the number
becomes zero
The number of times the loop print is equal to
the number of set bits in the number
Let us see how first take the number 10 first do
bitwise and between the number 10 and its previous
number nine If we do that the right most set
bit will be cleared So increment count Next take the
resulted binary number which is number eight now again
do bitwise and between the number eight and its
previous number seven If we do that the next right
most set It will be cleared now one more set
bit is cleared so increment count value now count will
become two Now check the resulted binary number It
is zero so we can stop the process and returned
the count
The count value is two which is equal to the
number of set bits in number 10
Now let us see one more example let us take
the number eight now
Do bitwise
on number eight and its previous number
seven
If we do that the right most set bit will
be cleared
So increment count now Check the resulted binary
number It is zero
So we can stop the process
And Return count The count value is one which is
equal to the number of set bits in number eight
So that's it the logic is very simple
Inside a loop continuously clear the right most set bit
and increment count until number becomes zero and finally return
count value.